#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras requirements.dev.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   geoip2
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.14.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pydantic
apispec==6.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   apispec-webframeworks
apispec-webframeworks==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
argcomplete==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
astroid==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
atlas-rucio-policy-package==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   paramiko
belleii-rucio-policy-package @ git+https://github.com/rucio/temporary-belle2-policy-package@v0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
black==23.12.1
    # via docspec-python
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   flask
boto3==1.37.5
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
botocore==1.37.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   pydoc-markdown
coverage==7.6.12
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   globus-sdk
    #   oic
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-kerberos
cx-oracle==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
databind==4.5.2
    # via
    #   databind-core
    #   databind-json
databind-core==4.5.2
    # via
    #   docspec
    #   pydoc-markdown
databind-json==4.5.2
    # via
    #   docspec
    #   pydoc-markdown
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   gssapi
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   oic
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   databind
    #   docspec
    #   nr-util
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pymongo
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   stomp-py
docspec==2.2.1
    # via
    #   docspec-python
    #   pydoc-markdown
docspec-python==2.2.1
    # via pydoc-markdown
docstring-parser==0.11
    # via pydoc-markdown
dogpile-cache==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
elastic-transport==8.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.15.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
flask==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pyjwkest
geoip2==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
globus-sdk==3.41.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gssapi==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pyspnego
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   build
    #   flask
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   python3-saml
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   flask
    #   pydoc-markdown
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   jsonschema
kerberos==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
krb5==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pyspnego
libtorrent==2.0.11
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
lxml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
mako==1.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   alembic
    #   oic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
maxminddb==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   geoip2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nr-date==2.1.0
    # via databind
nr-stream==1.1.5
    # via databind
nr-util==0.8.12
    # via
    #   docspec-python
    #   pydoc-markdown
oic==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   apispec
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   qbittorrent-api
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   stevedore
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   yapf
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg==3.2.3 ; implementation_name == "cpython"
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
psycopg-binary==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
psycopg-pool==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   oic
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   oic
pydoc-markdown==4.8.2
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   rich
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   oic
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   globus-sdk
pykerberos==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pymongo==4.11.2
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   paramiko
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyspnego==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   requests-kerberos
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pytest-xdist==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
python-swiftclient==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
python3-saml==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   apispec
    #   pydoc-markdown
qbittorrent-api==2025.2.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
redis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   geoip2
    #   globus-sdk
    #   oic
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   qbittorrent-api
    #   requests-kerberos
requests-kerberos==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
rich==13.9.4
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   google-auth
ruff==0.9.10
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   boto3
sh==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   alembic
statsd==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   dogpile-cache
stomp-py==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.server.txt
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   pytest
    #   yapf
tomli-w==1.2.0
    # via pydoc-markdown
typeapi==2.2.4
    # via databind
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   alembic
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   databind
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   globus-sdk
    #   multidict
    #   nr-util
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typeapi
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-transport
    #   qbittorrent-api
    #   requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via pydoc-markdown
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   stomp-py
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
xmlsec==1.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   python3-saml
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
yapf==0.43.0
    # via pydoc-markdown
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.server.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
